added costs and changed all language to refer to REST API (#1750)
Helicone/helicone: docs/use-cases/etl.mdx

description: "Data Extraction from Helicone"
---

> Our [RES API](rest) provides a robust solution for Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data from Helicone into your personal data warehouse.

Reviewer: REST*

> Our [RES API](rest) provides a robust solution for Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data from Helicone into your personal data warehouse.

Author: ```suggestion
Our [REST API](rest) provides a robust solution for Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data from Helicone into your personal data warehouse.
```

At present, we do not offer any pre-built connectors. However, we are receptive to suggestions and committed to meeting our users' needs. If there is a specific connector you would like us to develop, please let us know. You can reach us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/zsSTcH2qhG) or submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/Helicone/helicone/issues).

> In the interim, you can design your own ETL process using our [GraphQL API](graphql/getting-started).

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be GraphQL API?

> In the interim, you can design your own ETL process using our [GraphQL API](graphql/getting-started).

Author: ```suggestion
In the interim, you can design your own ETL process using our [REST API](rest).
```
